Kheiss/qa review1 (#1548)
NVIDIA/nv-ingest: docs/docs/extraction/cli-reference.md

After you install the Python dependencies, you can use the [NeMo Retriever Library](overview.md) command line interface (CLI).
To use the CLI, use the `nemo-retriever` command.

!!! note "Command name"

>     Depending on your installation (NeMo Retriever Library vs. nv-ingest-client), the CLI may be invoked as `nemo-retriever` or `nv-ingest-cli`. Both expose the same options and behavior. The following sections use `nemo-retriever` for consistency with the examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Depending on your installation (NeMo Retriever Library vs. nv-ingest-client), you invoke the CLI by using `nemo-retriever` or `nv-ingest-cli`. Both expose the same options and behavior. The following sections use `nemo-retriever` for consistency with the examples.
```

    There is a Jupyter notebook available to help you get started with the CLI. For more information, refer to [CLI Client Quick Start Guide](https://github.com/NVIDIA/NeMo-Retriever/blob/main/client/client_examples/examples/cli_client_usage.ipynb).

## Parameter reference

> The following table lists all CLI options: flag name, type, default, whether the option is required, and a short description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists all CLI options.
```

| Flag | Aliases | Type | Default | Required | Description |
|------|---------|------|---------|----------|-------------|

> | `--doc` | — | path (multiple) | *none* | No* | Path to a document to process. May be specified multiple times. Files must exist. Supports glob-style patterns. |

Reviewer: Why is none in bold everywhere?  Unless "none" appears in the user interface, please remove the bold style.

| `--dataset` | — | path | *none* | No* | Path to a dataset definition file (JSON with `sampled_files` list). |
| `--output_directory` | — | path | *none* | No | Directory where result metadata and optional media are written. If omitted, results are not saved to disk. |
| `--task` | — | string (multiple) | *none* | No | Task definition in `task_id:{"key":"value"}` format. Repeat for multiple tasks (e.g. extract, split, caption). |
| `--client_host` | — | string | `localhost` | No | Hostname or IP of the ingest service. |
| `--client_port` | — | int | `7670` | No | Port of the ingest service. |
| `--api_version` | — | choice | `v2` | No | API version: `v1` or `v2`. Required for `--pdf_split_page_count`. |
| `--pdf_split_page_count` | — | int | *none* | No | Pages per PDF chunk when splitting (V2 API). Typically 1–128; server default if unset. |

> | `--client_type` | — | choice | `rest` | No | Client transport: `rest` or `simple`. |

Reviewer: What is "choice"?  Should this be "enum"?  Otherwise string.

| `--client_kwargs` | — | string (JSON) | `{}` | No | Extra JSON object passed to the client. |
| `--batch_size` | — | int | `10` | No | Number of in-flight jobs (must be ≥ 1). |
| `--concurrency_n` | — | int | `10` | No | Number of concurrent jobs to maintain. |

> | `--log_level` | — | choice | `INFO` | No | Logging level: `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARNING`, `ERROR`, `CRITICAL`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--log_level` | — | choice | `INFO` | No | The logging level. Valid values are: `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARNING`, `ERROR`, `CRITICAL`. |
```

Reviewer: Also, consider whether you want to add an additional column to the table named "Valid Values".  There are multiple entries where you could use that column.
